Notes.md, before:

### Branches
Current un-merged branches (`git branch --no-merged`) are:
- AoA — respecting maxAoA and max G-load AI settings
- bias-testing — testing bias due to spawn position or camera focus
- motherships — which AI/WM is in control when parasite fighters get detached and automatically adding them to competitions

Outdated, probably to be deleted:
- spawn-strategy — partially implemented, then abandoned spawn strategy implementation by aubranium
- sph-inertia — Simple flight dynamics analysis draft impl by aubranium, better as a separate mod since it doesn't use anything BDA specific.


### Optimisation
- https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/fixing-performance-problems-2019-3-1#
- Various setters/accessors in Unity perform extra operations that may cause GC allocations or have other overheads:
    - Setting a transform's position/rotation causes OnTransformChanged events for all child transforms.
    - Prefer Transform.localPosition over Transform.position when possible or cache Transform.position as Transform.position calculates world position each time it's accessed.
    - Check if a field is actually a getter and cache the result instead of repeated get calls.
- Strings cause a lot of GC alloc.
    - Use interpolated strings or StringBuilder instead of concatenating strings.
    - UnityEngine.Object.name allocates a new string (Object.get_name).
    - Localizer.Format strings should be cached as they don't change during the game — StringUtils.cs
    - AddVesselSwitcherWindowEntry and WindowVesselSwitcher in LoadedVesselSwitcher.cs and WindowVesselSpawner in VesselSpawnerWindow.cs are doing a lot of string manipulation.
    - KerbalEngineer does a lot of string manipulation.
    - vessel.vesselName and vessel.GetName() are fine. vessel.GetDisplayName() is bad!
- Tuples are classes (allocated on the heap), ValueTuples are structs (allocated on the stack). Use ValueTuples to avoid GC allocations.
- Use non-allocating versions of RaycastAll, OverlapSphere and similar (Raycast uses the stack so it's fine).
- Cache "Wait..." yield instructions instead of using "new Wait...".
- Starting coroutines causes some GC — avoid starting them in Update or FixedUpdate.
- Avoid Linq expressions in critical areas. However, some Linq queries can be parallelised (PLINQ) with ".AsParallel()" and sequentialised with ".AsSequential()". Also, ".ForEach()" does a merge to sequential, while ".ForAll()" doesn't.
- Avoid excessive object references in structs and classes and prefer identifiers instead — affects GC checks.
- Trigger GC manually at appropriate times (System.GC.Collect()) when it won't affect gameplay, e.g., when resetting competition stuff.

- Bad GC routines:
    - part.explode when triggering new vessels causes massive GC alloc, but it's in base KSP, so there's not much that can be done.
    - ExplosionFX.IsInLineOfSight — Sorting of the raycast hits by distance causes GC alloc, but using Array.Copy and Array.Sort is the best I've managed to find, certainly much better than Linq and Lists.
    - MissileFire.GuardTurretRoutine -> RadarUtils.RenderVesselRadarSnapshot -> GetPixels32 — Not much we can do about this. Also, GetPixels actually leaks memory!
    - PartResourceList: Part.Resources.GetEnumerator causes GC alloc. Using Part.Resources.dict.Values.GetEnumerator seems better?
    - VesselSpawnerWindow.WindowVesselSpawner -> string manipulation
    - LoadedVesselSwitcher.WindowVesselSwitcher -> string manipulation
    - LoadedVesselSwitcher.AddVesselSwitcherWindowEntry -> string manipulation
    - CamTools.SetDoppler -> get_name
    - CameraTools::CTPartAudioController.Awake

Commit message:

Add note about RaycastCommand break-even point being around 8 raycasts.

Notes.md, after:

### Branches
Current un-merged branches (`git branch --no-merged`) are:
- AoA — respecting maxAoA and max G-load AI settings
- bias-testing — testing bias due to spawn position or camera focus
- motherships — which AI/WM is in control when parasite fighters get detached and automatically adding them to competitions

Outdated, probably to be deleted:
- spawn-strategy — partially implemented, then abandoned spawn strategy implementation by aubranium
- sph-inertia — Simple flight dynamics analysis draft impl by aubranium, better as a separate mod since it doesn't use anything BDA specific.


### Optimisation
- https://learn.unity.com/tutorial/fixing-performance-problems-2019-3-1#
- Various setters/accessors in Unity perform extra operations that may cause GC allocations or have other overheads:
    - Setting a transform's position/rotation causes OnTransformChanged events for all child transforms.
    - Prefer Transform.localPosition over Transform.position when possible or cache Transform.position as Transform.position calculates world position each time it's accessed.
    - Check if a field is actually a getter and cache the result instead of repeated get calls.
- Strings cause a lot of GC alloc.
    - Use interpolated strings or StringBuilder instead of concatenating strings.
    - UnityEngine.Object.name allocates a new string (Object.get_name).
    - Localizer.Format strings should be cached as they don't change during the game — StringUtils.cs
    - AddVesselSwitcherWindowEntry and WindowVesselSwitcher in LoadedVesselSwitcher.cs and WindowVesselSpawner in VesselSpawnerWindow.cs are doing a lot of string manipulation.
    - KerbalEngineer does a lot of string manipulation.
    - vessel.vesselName and vessel.GetName() are fine. vessel.GetDisplayName() is bad!
- Tuples are classes (allocated on the heap), ValueTuples are structs (allocated on the stack). Use ValueTuples to avoid GC allocations.
- Use non-allocating versions of RaycastAll, OverlapSphere and similar (Raycast uses the stack so it's fine).
- The break-even point for using RaycastCommand instead of multiple Raycasts seems to be around 8 raycasts. Also, until Unity 2022.2, RaycastCommand only returns the first hit per job.
- Cache "Wait..." yield instructions instead of using "new Wait...".
- Starting coroutines causes some GC — avoid starting them in Update or FixedUpdate.
- Avoid Linq expressions in critical areas. However, some Linq queries can be parallelised (PLINQ) with ".AsParallel()" and sequentialised with ".AsSequential()". Also, ".ForEach()" does a merge to sequential, while ".ForAll()" doesn't.
- Avoid excessive object references in structs and classes and prefer identifiers instead — affects GC checks.
- Trigger GC manually at appropriate times (System.GC.Collect()) when it won't affect gameplay, e.g., when resetting competition stuff.

- Bad GC routines:
    - part.explode when triggering new vessels causes massive GC alloc, but it's in base KSP, so there's not much that can be done.
    - ExplosionFX.IsInLineOfSight — Sorting of the raycast hits by distance causes GC alloc, but using Array.Copy and Array.Sort is the best I've managed to find, certainly much better than Linq and Lists.
    - MissileFire.GuardTurretRoutine -> RadarUtils.RenderVesselRadarSnapshot -> GetPixels32 — Not much we can do about this. Also, GetPixels actually leaks memory!
    - PartResourceList: Part.Resources.GetEnumerator causes GC alloc. Using Part.Resources.dict.Values.GetEnumerator seems better?
    - VesselSpawnerWindow.WindowVesselSpawner -> string manipulation
    - LoadedVesselSwitcher.WindowVesselSwitcher -> string manipulation
    - LoadedVesselSwitcher.AddVesselSwitcherWindowEntry -> string manipulation
    - CamTools.SetDoppler -> get_name
    - CameraTools::CTPartAudioController.Awake
